Henry, you have to listen to me.
Yes, I knew Alex before, but that was in the past.
Please don't be mad.
You're giving up on me so easily.
I'm not mad.
Then why did you walk away?
Because just the thought of him kissing you
and hugging you and touching you, I just...
It's nothing like that.
We barely held hands.
I mean, he never even kissed me.
He's an idiot at first sight until the day.
Then I come falling for you too, Henry.
I guess we're not faking it anymore.
I guess not.
What about the contract? It says after three years we're not together.
For now on, there is no contract.
Really?
I guess I've lost a lot of money then, huh?
Then I'll just have to compensate you myself.
Come on.
Where are we going?
I almost forgot.
Today's my birthday.
I'm going to change into something more comfortable.